# Hello, I'm <span class="name">Tim Uruski</span>

This is my resume, no recruiters, please.

## Professional Experience

### Fanhattan <span class="duration">(2010 -- Present)</span>

At Fanhattan I was able to focus on software development for the web using Ruby
and MongoDB. For six months I worked with Pivotal Labs and learned about
test-driven development and agile programming. 

### Corbis (2009 -- 2010)

Wanting to diversify my programming skills, I left Critical Mass and took a
smaller job as a web programmer for Corbis. There I was able to learn modern
JavaScript and started to focus on Ruby programming.

### Critical Mass (2006 -- 2009)

I took a job as Flash developer here so that I could focus solely on
programming for the next 3 years. I designed and built front-end website
frameworks for Dell, Rolex and Budweiser. Teamwork was an important part of
this job, and I learned a lot about leadership in my senior role
there.

### Ground Level Design (2003 -- 2006)

Freshly graduated from the New Media program at SAIT, I worked at Ground Level
for 3 years as a general purpose developer. There I learned about web standards
and honed my programming skills in Flash.

## Personal Experience

### Programming languages

I am especially interested in polyglot programming, and I try to learn a new
language each year. My latest focus has been on Haskell and Node.js. I also try
to keep an awareness of the countless open-source libraries available to speed
development and improve software quality. Studying the source code for these
libraries also helps me better understand the domains they wrap.

### Development environment

I store all of my work in Git, it has singularly changed my workflow more than
almost any other tool I can name. In the last few years I've become interested
in a more minimalist development environment with focus on scripting, command
line shells and Vim. I've also been learning about tools like Screen.

### Autodidactyly

Most of my skills have been self taught. During college I wanted to learn
more about programming, which was not a strong part of the curriculum at the
time. I learned how to teach myself by reading books, watching screen casts and
studying the work of others. I also find that teaching others is a challenging and
powerful way to hone my understanding of a topic.
